USF-2007 - UpdateProductsFromCart Docs (#210)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/functions.mdx

## updateProductsFromCart

The `updateProductsFromCart` function updates cart items by either changing the quantity or removing and adding an item in one step. When passing a specified quantity, the function replaces the current quantity. Setting the quantity to 0 removes an item from the cart. The function calls the [`updateCartItems`](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/cart/mutations/update-items/) mutation.

> When passing an optionsUIDs array alongside the uid and quantity of the cart item, the function adds the item with the specified options and removes the previous item with the same uid but without the newly passed optionUIDs. In this scenario, the function calls both the [`addProductsToCart`](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/cart/mutations/add-products/) mutation and [`updateCartItems`](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/cart/mutations/update-items/) mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `optionsUIDs` array is sent along with the cart item’s UID and quantity, the function adds the item with the specified options. It removes any pre-existing item with the same UID that lacks the newly provided `optionsUIDs`. In this process, the function invokes first the [addProductsToCart](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/cart/mutations/add-products/), and later the [updateCartItems](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/cart/mutations/update-items/) mutations.
```

    ['Parameter', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
    ['uid', 'string', 'Yes', 'The unique ID of an item in the cart.'],
    ['quantity', 'number', 'Yes', 'The new quantity of the item.'],

>     ['optionsUIDs', 'string[]', 'No', 'The selected options for the product, such as color or size, using the unique ID for an object.']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['optionsUIDs', 'string[]', 'No', 'The selected options for the product using the unique ID for an object.']
```

Reviewer: maybe in here, instead of providing examples, we could provide the possible options?

Author: @danidelcar the possible options meaning example `optionsUIDs` numbers?

Reviewer: @ericeoeur you mentioned examples like color or size, is there a list of possible options like those?, might be worth adding that. If we're talking about a long list, then no. Hope it helps!

Author: Yes, it can be a pretty long list! Lets keep it as you suggested then. Thanks!

Reviewer: I might look into adding a link to that info, if we have it, but for the moment, we can go ahead with this PR

  },
]);
```

> To update the item from the cart by replacing the cart item. By passing optionUIDs, this function adds the product associated with the new optionsUIDs and removes the previous item associated with the given uid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the item from the cart by replacing the cart item. By passing `optionsUIDs`, this function adds the product associated with the new `optionsUIDs` and removes the previous item with the same UID.
```
